README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋, my name is Precious
#### Web Development and Machine Learning
![Web Development and Machine Learning]

I'm Precious from Nigeria and I have background in deep learning models specifically for computer vision. Currently rebuilding passion for coding

Skills: ```python```, ```tensorflow```, ```keras```, ```opencv```

- 🔭 I’m currently working on some deep learning projects. 


[<img src='https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/github.svg' alt='github' height='40'>](https://github.com/softdude47)  [<img src='https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/linkedin.svg' alt='linkedin' height='40'>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/precious-godwin-56233b170/)  [<img src='https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/facebook.svg' alt='facebook' height='40'>](https://www.facebook.com/precious.godwin.739978)  [<img src='https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/twitter.svg' alt='twitter' height='40'>](https://twitter.com/softdude47)  [<img src='https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/stackoverflow.svg' alt='stackoverflow' height='40'>](https://stackoverflow.com/users/softdude47)  [<img src='https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/youtube.svg' alt='YouTube' height='40'>](https://www.youtube.com/channel/ssZ7J6dmay3C7UtdhaVxBg)  

<a href='https://github.com/pricing'><img src='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/acervenky/animated-github-badges/master/assets/pro.gif' width='40' height='40'></a> <a href='https://docs.github.com/en/github/supporting-the-open-source-community-with-github-sponsors'><img src='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/acervenky/animated-github-badges/master/assets/sponsorbadge.gif' width='35' height='35'></a> 

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=softdude47)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=softdude47&show_icons=true)

Commit message:

Revise README with new personal details and skills
Updated personal introduction and skills section in README.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Softdude47

🎓 **Recent(2025) Graduate in Statistics**  
_Bachelor’s Degree, University of Benin_

---

## 🚀 About Me

- Passionate about **Deep Learning** and **Computer Vision**
- Deep Learning enthusiast, building solutions with **Keras** and **OpenCV**
- I enjoy solving real-world problems as a hobby
- Currently exploring the frontiers of **Artificial Intelligence**
- Occasional JavaScript developer (but Python is my main focus!)

---

## 🛠️ Skills

- **Programming Languages:** Python (Keras, OpenCV), JavaScript
- **Topics:** Deep Learning, Computer Vision, Artificial Intelligence, Data Science
- **Tools:** Jupyter Notebook, VS Code, Git & GitHub

---

## 📈 Projects

I love experimenting and building new things, especially in AI and computer vision.  
Check out my latest repositories for my ongoing and completed projects!

---

## 📫 Connect with Me

- [LinkedIn: Precious Godwin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/precious-godwin-56233b170?utm_source=share&utm_campaign=share_via&utm_content=profile&utm_medium=android_app)

---

_“I think and solve problems as a hobby.”_
